When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    It allow to share my work and so anyone can collaborate to my project and make it evolve.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    If I'm developing new features on my local repositery and, at the same time, somebody add feature to GitHub repositery (or remote repositery), I want not that the new features on GitHub cames to my local repositery since it can create a bug in my code. I would prefer check th GitHub code before to synchronize both of the repositeries.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    - Fork create a copy of a repositery directly on your github account. So, contributors of the original repositery is/are still present in your fork repositery.
    - clone create a copy of a repositery directly on your local machine. So, contributors of the original repositery is/are still present in your fork repositery.
    - branches allow to manage branche in your local or online repositery. But after each modification on any branch, you need to push or pull the commit to synchronize respectively your online/github repositery or local repositery.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    It avoids to update code on the local repositery based on a commit which is not the latest created on github repositery. And so, it avoids conflicts when then we sync the local repositery with the online repositery.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Without using Git or GitHub, collaborate was hasardous. It was a full of mail exchanges. It was not appropriate for the job.
    But now, Git and GitHub bring us an appropriate tool to manage projects. Of course, concepts on Git and GitHub need to be knowned and it is a true job to learn this. But when Git and GitHub are mastered, collaborate begin easy and tracability is very helpful to see what changes could be bring or has been bring to the master branch.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Make changes in a separate branch allow to creata new features without breaking master branche adding bug on the code. But in this case, our new "testing" branche will not be up-to-date with the master branch on GitHub. So, we are exposed to no be able then to merge our "testing" branche on GitHub master branche. Ie, our pull request (merging local testing branche into GitHub master branche) could be refuses. So we will must resolved conflict(s) before that our pull request can be accepted.
    On the other hand, make changes on the master local branche, which is supposed to be up-to-date, can be create a bug on the code abd it can be more difficult to resolve it. Of course, we can always charge a commit that not contains the bug.
